README.md, before:

# Restaurant
Project learn and use Bootstrap
### Intructions repos
https://github.com/becodeorg/Swartz-9/blob/main/1.The-Field/10.Bootstrap/restaurant.adoc#restaurant
### Languages used
- HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap5
## Missions objectives
At the end of this challenge you should have improved your:

- placement of element with Bootstrap

- The basic idea is a fantastic type restaurant that is located outside of earth and serves any species lost to space.

### The mission
[x] Create a repository called restaurant-css-framework in which you must realise a window web page for a restaurant. The franchise is fictive, but the type of food (burger, pizza, asian, …​) is your choice.

[x] The website must be responsive, at least for small and medium screens. It must at least have five accessible pages: welcome, menu, pictures, restaurants and contact.

#### Welcome
[x] A page with one Jumbotron and two panels to show news (promo, events, etc…​).


The navbar was picked from [bootstrap documentation](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/navbar/), I added two exemples together in order to have the logo as well as the different page links.

Jumbotron was picked from [here](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/examples/jumbotron/), it was after modified to fit my needs.

The images were download using the site [unsplash](https://unsplash.com/), and I tried to always keep the original url.
Given the size of the images I had to use small ones for the two bottom panels, so it's visible in a correct way.

I also had the opportunity to test the page deployment on github pages, had some strugles with no images appearing.

#### Menu
[x] A page with the restaurant menu in the form of a grouped list with badges.

Connected my index.html with the menu.html.

Here is the URL for the [background image](https://unsplash.com/pt-br/fotografias/ilustracao-da-galaxia-roxa-e-preta-uXchDIKs4qI).
Asked GPT for a list if menu items that would appear on the fictionnal space restaurant and added them to the page using a [group list](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/list-group/).

As asked I also added [badges](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/badge/), they follow the comedy of the whole piece, more informative than really necessary.

Being Bootstrap it isn't hard to find somethind and modify the necessaty so it fits the asked.

#### Pictures
[x]  A page with a gallery of minimum 10 pictures and a pagination (3 photos per page).

I had a lot of difficulty to make the images move from one to another, I didn't think I would need Javasript but that ended up being the case.

I asked GPT to make the pagination, and it added the script that allow it to change from an image to another.

The images were generated by https://www.craiyon.com/ and the prompt was "lost in space, find a restaurant".

Not much do add other than that once I learn JS I could come back and try and do it by myself, I'm glad I could complete the question.

#### Restaurant
[] A page about the restaurants (it’s a franchise) with its addresses, a map, and different schedules.

#### Contact
[] A page with a contact form containing the firstname, lastname, email, subject of the message (a drop-down list with multiple options), an area for the message itself and a send button with an icon. Each entry as a title in a semantically correct tag.

If you want to make an even more complex website feel free to try new things and make it as beautiful as possible.

### Instructions
[x] create the repository

[x] write a good README

[x] don’t use a pre-made theme

[x] mention a description and the website URL on the top of the repo

[] use ONLY royalty-free pictures AND credit in your readme the website where the pictures are from

### Advices
[x] Read the instructions well.

[] Take time to prepare (prototype, content, pictures, …​).

[] Go step by step, HTML, then classes and id and finally CSS.

### Optional
[] use SASS

Commit message:

Added to the readme, the simplified steps used to finish the project. A more detailled one is a goal for future challenges

README.md, after:

# Restaurant
Project learn and use Bootstrap
### Intructions repos
https://github.com/becodeorg/Swartz-9/blob/main/1.The-Field/10.Bootstrap/restaurant.adoc#restaurant
### Languages used
- HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap5
## Missions objectives
At the end of this challenge you should have improved your:

- placement of element with Bootstrap

- The basic idea is a fantastic type restaurant that is located outside of earth and serves any species lost to space.

### The mission
[x] Create a repository called restaurant-css-framework in which you must realise a window web page for a restaurant. The franchise is fictive, but the type of food (burger, pizza, asian, …​) is your choice.

[x] The website must be responsive, at least for small and medium screens. It must at least have five accessible pages: welcome, menu, pictures, restaurants and contact.

#### Welcome
[x] A page with one Jumbotron and two panels to show news (promo, events, etc…​).


The navbar was picked from [bootstrap documentation](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/navbar/), I added two exemples together in order to have the logo as well as the different page links.

Jumbotron was picked from [here](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/examples/jumbotron/), it was after modified to fit my needs.

The images were download using the site [unsplash](https://unsplash.com/), and I tried to always keep the original url.
Given the size of the images I had to use small ones for the two bottom panels, so it's visible in a correct way.

I also had the opportunity to test the page deployment on github pages, had some strugles with no images appearing.

#### Menu
[x] A page with the restaurant menu in the form of a grouped list with badges.

Connected my index.html with the menu.html.

Here is the URL for the [background image](https://unsplash.com/pt-br/fotografias/ilustracao-da-galaxia-roxa-e-preta-uXchDIKs4qI).
Asked GPT for a list if menu items that would appear on the fictionnal space restaurant and added them to the page using a [group list](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/list-group/).

As asked I also added [badges](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/badge/), they follow the comedy of the whole piece, more informative than really necessary.

Being Bootstrap it isn't hard to find somethind and modify the necessaty so it fits the asked.

#### Pictures
[x]  A page with a gallery of minimum 10 pictures and a pagination (3 photos per page).

I had a lot of difficulty to make the images move from one to another, I didn't think I would need Javasript but that ended up being the case.

I asked GPT to make the pagination, and it added the script that allow it to change from an image to another.

The images were generated by https://www.craiyon.com/ and the prompt was "lost in space, find a restaurant".

Not much do add other than that once I learn JS I could come back and try and do it by myself, I'm glad I could complete the question.

#### Restaurant
[x] A page about the restaurants (it’s a franchise) with its addresses, a map, and different schedules.

I used a template found online, for a contact form with a map. For the map I took the google sky website for the source, since the idea for the restaurant is space.

For the schedule, I used a premade table from Bootstrap 5 documentation, with GPT as generator of date and location.

The difficult part was resizing the background image of the astronaut.


#### Contact
[x] A page with a contact form containing the firstname, lastname, email, subject of the message (a drop-down list with multiple options), an area for the message itself and a send button with an icon. Each entry as a title in a semantically correct tag.

If you want to make an even more complex website feel free to try new things and make it as beautiful as possible.

I started by taking parts of the first form at Bootstrap Documentation, and I copied the areas I nedded and completed the rest.

For the icon on a button I had to see a [Youtube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGtB7i9gD4s) to figure it out.

Like the others I tried being creative on the messages but keep things as simple as I could.

image source: https://unsplash.com/pt-br/fotografias/nebulosa--hI5dX2ObAs

### Instructions
[x] create the repository

[x] write a good README

[x] don’t use a pre-made theme

[x] mention a description and the website URL on the top of the repo

[x] use ONLY royalty-free pictures AND credit in your readme the website where the pictures are from

### Advices
[x] Read the instructions well.

[x] Take time to prepare (prototype, content, pictures, …​).

[x] Go step by step, HTML, then classes and id and finally CSS.

### Optional
[] use SASS
